I've long believed that Hardware can
make you a better gamer but when it
comes to 8,000 HZ pulling rate keyboards
and mice I've been a bit dubious so when
corera decided to sponsor this video so
we could check out the k70 pro tkl with
their version of snaptap I said we'll
give it a try after we open the box
we've got our typical warranty guide
we've got our safety and compliance
information and then we've got the
keyboard just right on top here let's
look at everything else first cuz
there's some stuff underneath
it should come with I think a wrist rest
yep that's what this looks like o I like
the paper packaging with the Corsair
logo I do really like the look of the
logo here but I kind of wish they'd
maybe put it up here instead of uh right
in the center because it is magnetized
by the way uh but one of the problems
that might encounter is if you go and
you move over just a little bit you're
on the edge of your palm just going to
touch it it's it's not the worst it's
totally fine but of corser just move it
I like it I like the style I like the
rest of the wrist rest to be honest I
like this uh design they've got going on
this little texture pattern that they
have here feels nice comfortable squishy
just enough give I'm not big on like
granite or wood wrist rest personally I
like a nice foam one they're nice and
soft there's only one other thing in
here and it is long it's probably about
6 ft 5.5 no it's more 5.5 all right it's
got the mgx hyperdrive magnetic switches
but then it's not all
the hyperdrive magnetic switches the F
keys are regular so that's really cool
with these being magnetic and hall
effect that means that we can change all
of our actuation points we've looked at
this a lot in the past with other
keyboards that have kind of done it
first but especially with snaptap
becoming dominant in the FPS scene it's
going to give you that kind of
fine-tuned control uh let's say you want
to action the key as soon as you
basically press it so feather touch boom
it's down and then the nice thing is
what it can also do is basically once
it's stopped going down the moment it
lifts it'll reset so instead of having
to go up all the way I can take my
finger off this key just slightly and
then push down and it'll action again
right away but while I'm a gamer what I
care more about is the look and the feel
and the sound of my keyboard as I type
on it and game on it and do everything
in between uh so how does it actually
you know it's
really it's kind of better than I was
expecting I know that this is spawn sped
but I mean you guys will be able to hear
it and make your own judgment call here
but my biggest pet peeve on most
keyboards is the stabilizers
particularly the space
bar no rattle or at least very little I
can't really make any out enter has got
a little bit just the
test shift as
well but it's really you know the space
bar is usually cuz that you're touching
the space bar all the time you know
every between every word and as for the
sound aside from you know checking out
the stabilizers
the rest of it sounds pretty decent
they've got two layers of sound
dampening silicone which really helps uh
with this version versus the previous
ones that did not I'm not going to lie
to you guys it's not my favorite
keyboard in terms of sound it's not the
most amazing sounding one but the thing
is companies like Corsair their
keyboards have come so far in the last
few years they've had to play catchup
but they've kind of done it admirably
and I've got to
say this is like good enough for most
people especially when what you're
really looking for is that 8 khz pulling
rate and those hall effect switches it
feels okay too uh they're linear they're
pre- lubed already which has been so
much better in the last year or two when
it comes to buying switches I used to
actually recommend against Factory
Prelude because they didn't do a good
job or if it was a good job it'd be fine
on some switches and then really bad on
others uh so it's just kind of all over
the place but it feels like that's been
fine-tuned over the last year or two but
that's all the hollow effect
switches how are the F Keys cuz those
use another one those use their plasma
switches and these are just regular
linear sure they're fine also preu from
the factory key caps are a double shot
PBT although you can get the ABS version
we'll talk about price later but the ABS
one is 10 bucks cheaper in my humble
opinion I think you should just get the
PBT spend the extra $10 but to each
their own and then they've got their
classic brushed aluminum finish I'm not
crazy about the brushed aluminum you
guys please just stop brushing the
aluminum just make it aluminum I do like
the stamped Corsair logo here and then I
like that they've got this included knob
it's hard to go wrong with a solid knob
really satisfying tactile feel uh but
then these two buttons are just buttons
and they don't really spin or anything
I'll have to plug it in and find out
what exactly they do but I wish they
were just a tad more satisfying I also
really like the angle of the case and
how the edges are nice and clean uh it's
just a plastic chassis on top underneath
this kind of brushed aluminum uh top
plate here they've got
USBC and then on the back of the
keyboard they've got this pretty cool uh
just Corsair logo in the middle for
looks and then as per usual when it
comes to the big name brands and
keyboards they've got adjustable feet
something else to note is that's a
good that's incredibly satisfying um
they're also what feels to be a very
durable nice rubber feel so that they're
not going to
it's not going to slip very much like
I'm really pushing on this thing here uh
in terms of durability though it's
pretty solid there's like really not a
lot of flex at all I'm actually
surprised I was expecting a bit more
decently heavy but not too heavy I kind
of wish it was Wireless but then the
weight would go up with the included
battery and one of the big benefits of
going with a keyboard like this is you
can just go to a store and buy it like
you can just walk in a Best Buy and buy
one you don't have to sign up for a
group order you don't have to order
something online just walk in hand the
guy your credit card or cash and walk
out with your brand new keyboard uh but
let's try it out you know properly we'll
see some RGB we'll try typing on it
where I have actual words to type
instead of random gibberish one moment
please okay ladies and gentlemen here we
go one8 97% that's not too bad I've been
slowed down a little bit because I'm
used to typing on chicklet style
keyboards right now I've been using my
laptop quite a bit uh also I have a flat
uh XDA low profile kind of set at home
that I've been really enjoying and I
really like this the RGB is nice it
shines through really nicely nice and
bright nice and colorful I love the blue
um I don't know if it's just because of
the white and gray and aluminum that
it's kind of Illuminating uh but I
really like the tone of the RGB or the
Hue of the color I will say Corsair IQ
it's great is it kind of frustrating
sometimes yes but it works it's pretty
cool you hit function all the lights
turn off except for like your FR row and
windows and FN uh let's open IQ check
out some of the hall effect
customization you can do because they
say that you can go anywhere from .1 to
4 mm of actuation and they've actually
suggested that we go anywhere from4 to
3.6 you could go as low or as high as
you want I guess but somewhere in the
middle is usually about right the other
thing is you can change that in .1 mm
increments so let's open IQ and take a o
lighting effects new feat features
exclusively for the Corsair k70 Pro RGB
tkl keyboard Okay click on the oh
control dial rotate the control dial
left and right to adjust brightness
let's turn all the way oh that was fast
okay I'd like a few more steps but I I
guess you actually don't really need it
like four or five steps or whatever's
here is good that's honestly pretty
sweet okay what else press on to turn on
the brightness press again oh okay and
this just turns it on or off that's
great the toggle turns the mode on
switch the toggle to the right to
activate horizontal scrolling control
dial colors are unique and indicate the
current mode yellow stands for
horizontal scrolling for example oh okay
let's okay let's see if this actually
works let's open a
page what okay that's pretty cool okay
so if I hit FN
F12 oh yeah it's back to volume so
there's vertical scrolling volume
control brightness control horizontal
scrolling and zoom you can turn zoom on
and then you can turn all of these on or
off so say you just want to cycle
between vertical and horizontal
scrolling you don't set the volume with
this you've got like a goxlr I mean
they're dead now but you've got some
other kind of media control system in
place and you just want vertical hor
horizontal scrolling you turn those two
on FN F12 boom you swap between the two
that's really cool actually I'm going to
try the zoom
mode
what it's kind of features like that
that you don't tend to get with Boutique
boards yes you all of a sudden have qmk
via and you can do whatever you you want
but also I'm lazy and I just want to
like tick a switch in an app that tells
me hey you've enabled this thing instead
of setting up a bunch of macros and
doing it myself time to set up key
actuations customize the response ped
for each one you can start by adding a
new actuation preset select the key you
want during the tutorial please select
the T key select the color you want to
customize your color indicator oh that's
neat primary actuation Point can be
customized from 0.1 to 4 mm use the
slider or enter the exact value what I
do love though here is that they've got
a little handy visualization for you so
let's say I want to set it to one now I
see that it's going to apply when I'm
about that far deep and if I set it to
four it's further down so that's
actually pretty cool and then oh you you
can just use the slider Okay cool so
we've got our reset Point here and you
can change that as well to whatever you
want Oh and it visualizes it and
everything that's right cuz it's got
flash tap which is corsair's version so
we can set it to just below there so as
long as I come above that point it
should reset which is pretty and then
rapid trigger oh yeah separate press
release sensitivity I'll be honest you
guys this is the sort of thing that me
as a non- customizer kind of person is I
don't know how much I'd sit here and
Tinker with I think that I would
probably unbox this keyboard hook it up
to my computer and then use it but for
everyone who loves this sort of thing
which there's a lot of you they let you
do just about whatever you want so it's
pretty good in that regard what I need
to do though is make sure game mode is
on because for some reason game mode
doesn't start on by default oh yeah I
can change my polling right now 8,000
Hertz yeah I mean let's be real 1,000
htz is good enough for the vast majority
of people when we're talking about going
from 1 millisecond to .125 millisecond
yeah that's way faster 100% most of you
aren't going to really feel it however
if you're gaming and you're playing in
fps and you need literally that half of
a millisecond or less to determine who's
the winner I mean technically
that's going to win let's see activate
wind lock yes brightness Max yes static
color enforced no actually you know I
will keep that on I like it as a good
visual indicator to tell you hey you're
in game mode now I kind of wish game
mode was just enabled by default it does
lock out a few Keys like windlock and
other macros that you might have so I
guess if you're going to go from using
macros and something to wanting to play
FPS games you'll want to go to game mode
but without this on I can't change the
polling rate I don't think oh yeah I can
higher us pull okay yeah don't show this
ever again I don't care if higher USB
pulling raids take more power select
anyway one of the other cool things is
how it's doing all of this processing to
enable 8,000 HZ polling rates and Flash
tap and all of that stuff without
getting super confused is it's got an
axon processor on board love to see it
now we got a game on it I have to
actually try flash tab can't play
Counterstrike as much as I'd like to
because w w it's banned if we try to use
you should be able to disable game mode
and play Counter Strike on this keyboard
however I'm pretty sure if you go in
with flash tap enabled you'll get a
vacban or you'll at least get a warning
so just buy or beware be careful that's
why they made it so obvious that like
yes I am clearly in game mode flash tap
is enabled you can jiggle peek guys I
wish I had the dynamic cursor that CS2
has wow I suck I haven't played in so
long got that guy hey and you know how I
got that guy with flash tab if I didn't
have flash tab I wouldn't have killed
him that's not true at all and the thing
about having a keyboard and a mouse
that's just perfectly responsive with 8
ktz it's going to do exactly what you
want when you want is this the keyboard
for me do I want to get back into
competitive Shooters not particularly
but is it absolutely a solid choice if
you do want to play competitive shooters
or you just want like the next part of
your IQ setup I think it's a really
solid option it sounds pretty good it
feels pretty good I can jiggle Peak I
mean I could before cuz I played
Counterstrike for like I don't know a
couple thousand hours no big deal but if
you don't have that capability and
you're trying to just get into the scene
now this could give you that edge is it
going to make you better gamer not
exactly but is it going to make sure
that you've got the same Edge that
everyone else does yes and it'll make
sure that you can never blame the
peripherals for your poor gaming
performance anymore you can only blame
yourself like me right now if you want
to pick up the Corsair k70 Pro tkl you
can get it with abs key caps for
$179.99 but I really think that you
should just spend that 10 extra bucks
and pay $189.99 for the PBT key caps if
this is the keyboard for you I don't
know if it's the right keyboard for me
but I'll tell you this much it makes me
want to play Shooters again thanks for
watching this short circuit thanks of
course s for sponsoring this video if
you want to check it out we'll have
links in the description below and make
sure you stay tuned for the next one